[identity] Add to guidelines when to use MSAL directly (#31337)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/README.md

The `@azure/identity` credential types are implementations of [@azure/core-auth](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-auth)'s `TokenCredential` class. In principle, any object with a `getToken` method that satisfies `getToken(scopes: string | string[], options?: GetTokenOptions): Promise<AccessToken | null>` works as a `TokenCredential`. This means developers can write their own credential types to support authentication cases not covered by `@azure/identity`. To learn more, see [Custom Credentials](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#custom-credentials).

> Though our credential types support many advanced cases, developers may want to use [Microsoft Authentication Library for JavaScript (MSAL.js)](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js) directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though our credential types support many advanced scenarios, developers may want to use [Microsoft Authentication Library for JavaScript (MSAL.js)](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js) directly instead. Consider using MSAL.js in the following scenarios:
```
